<p style="font-size:50px;font-weight:bold;">AP EECS</p>
Mike Varano & Luke Zilioli</br>
EECS 499 - Dr. David Chesney#Technical DetailsOn the About screen, there is a field for the user to specify a URL. This URL should point to a directory that has a full course implementation that is compatible with this application (see the “Creating a Course” document, for information on what this entails).
Based on this URL, henceforth referred to as `<base_url>`, the application downloads an XML file for the course. This XML file is what contains topics and questions for the course, and is located at `<base_url>/input.xml`
Once this XML file has been loaded, we populate the table of topics for the user to choose between. When one is selected, the question asking begins. Each question in the XML file has an attribute that tells the application the type of the question. These types must be known by the application, because they are used to ask the question. The most common qtype is ‘xchoice’, which is multiple choice. Question type specification will be more useful when we have implemented various types of questions, such as fill in the blank, etc.The QuestionAsker, which is the application’s primary view is in charge of presentingthe user with the correct questions at the correct time. It is a custom implementation of a UIPageViewController. Once a topic has been selected, the QuestionAsker is informed of the topic’s index. With the index, the QuestionAsker reads the xml file for the first question of that topic. Based on the question type, the QuestionAsker instantiates an instance of a question. Each instance inherits from a base class called MyUIViewController. Any new question type inherits from this view, and there are various methods that can be overridden to ensure proper behavior with the QuestionAsker.Data is stored persistently for each course within the application. This data is stored using iOS property lists as a triple hash map, setup as follows: `“course url” > “topic number” > “question number”`.
￼
#Future FeaturesCurrently, since everything is loaded from an XML file on the internet, an internet connectionis required to use the application. It would be relatively easy, and worthwhile to implement a downloading/caching feature, where upon entering a course, the entire thing is downloaded locally to a directory within the application. Taking this concept a step further, it would make sense to add a list of courses that the user has previously participated in, and let them manage which ones are bookmarked, and which ones are stored locally on their device.Currently, when a multiple choice question is asked, and the question contains an image, the image is loaded in the UI thread before presenting the user with the question. This causes a lag between the time the user swipes to the next question, and the next question showing up. This should be moved into a background thread, a tutorial for which can be found [here](http://ios- made-easy.blogspot.com/2011/05/loading-image-for-uiimageview-in.html).